OBSDOCS-674: Split LokiStack CR into own modules, move object storage docs (#68952)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/loki-create-object-storage-secret-cli.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * list assemblies

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="loki-create-object-storage-secret-cli_{context}"]
= Creating a secret for Loki object storage by using the CLI

To configure Loki object storage, you must create a secret. You can do this by using the {oc-first}.

.Prerequisites

* You have administrator permissions.

> * You have installed the {loki-op}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You installed the {loki-op}.
```

> * You have installed the {oc-first}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You installed the {oc-first}.
```

.Procedure

> * Create a secret in the directory that contains your certificate and key files by using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a secret in the directory that contains your certificate and key files by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create secret generic -n openshift-logging <your_secret_name> \
 --from-file=tls.key=<your_key_file>
 --from-file=tls.crt=<your_crt_file>
 --from-file=ca-bundle.crt=<your_bundle_file>
 --from-literal=username=<your_username>
 --from-literal=password=<your_password>
----

[NOTE]
====
Use generic or opaque secrets for best results.
====

.Verification

> * Verify that a secret has been created by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Verify that a secret was created by running the following command:
```
